Finally, let's see how we can style the flash messages and form validation error messages.
Four flash messages, we can use the bootstrap alert component, so add an alert and alert.
Success classers.
Then for the field specific areas.
Add the alert and alert danger glasses.
With the list of errors, we can use the least group component.
The unaltered lead element gets the least group class.
Every item on the list gets leased group item class.
Additional least group item Danja class will make it clear that there is something wrong with the input.
Then let's also add some margin bottom to this development to make it stand out from the button that
submits the form.
OK, so it's time to check how it looks like, let's go to a forum for adding new blog post.
This is how the errors look like.
If you would try to add some valid content, that would pass the validation.
Now, this is our flash message in green.